README.md, before:

# IPFS file upload

This repository demonstrates how to upload a file to an IPFS storage using NodeJs, Typescript, and [Web3Storage](https://web3.storage/docs/)

The Postman documentation can be found [here](https://google.com)

## Requirements

- NodeJs >= 16
- A [Web3Storage API Token](https://web3.storage/docs/#get-an-api-token) 
- Docker

## Initial Setup

To proper setup and run the project, please follow the instructions below

- After cloning the project, cd into the root directory
- Run ```cp .env.example .env```. This command will copy the .env.example file and rename it as `.env`
- Fill the contents of the `.env` with the required values
- Once that is done, you can start the project using `docker-compose up -d` (the api uses port `3000` automatically. You should make sure nothing is running on that port, or simply edit the port)

## Testing

The project contains both a `unit test suite` and an `end-to-end` test suite, all orchestrated using the Jest testing library.

- The unit test suites are written inside the folder that contains the file they're testing, in a `__test__` folder. For example, all the tests  for `*.helper.ts` files are written in the `__test__` folder inside the `helpers` directory. Same pattern goes for the service, and any other unit tests.

- All `e2e` tests are written in the `src/__test__/e2e` directory.
- All the test Config files can be found in `src/__test__/config`

Commit message:

Updated readme file to include improvements

README.md, after:

# IPFS file upload

This repository demonstrates how to upload a file to an IPFS storage using NodeJs, Typescript, and [Web3Storage](https://web3.storage/docs/)

The Postman documentation can be found [here](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8405540/2s9YXfaNdG)

## Requirements

- NodeJs >= 16
- A [Web3Storage API Token](https://web3.storage/docs/#get-an-api-token)
- Docker

## Initial Setup

To proper setup and run the project, please follow the instructions below

- After cloning the project, cd into the root directory
- Run ```cp .env.example .env```. This command will copy the .env.example file and rename it as `.env`
- Fill the contents of the `.env` with the required values
- Once that is done, you can start the project using `docker-compose up -d` (the api uses port `3000` automatically. You should make sure nothing is running on that port, or simply edit the port)

## Testing

The project contains both a `unit test suite` and an `end-to-end` test suite, all orchestrated using the Jest testing library.

- The unit test suites are written inside the folder that contains the file they're testing, in a `__test__` folder. For example, all the tests  for `*.helper.ts` files are written in the `__test__` folder inside the `helpers` directory. Same pattern goes for the service, and any other unit tests.

- All `e2e` tests are written in the `src/__test__/e2e` directory.
- All the test Config files can be found in `src/__test__/config`

## Needed improvements

- As much as the API allows the uploads of files > 100MB, it is very slow. It takes up to 2 minutes to get a response back from the server when an upload request
of such file is being made. This can be better improved by using a more robust upload logic, that has a tracking system which users can use to see the current upload progress.
- The Current IPFS storage being used doesn't allow for the easy implementation of handling large files uploads using the currently available libraries. It also isn't easy to write e2e tests around the upload process. This could probably be improved later on by using another IPFS storage
